a web exclusive my name is dan lob and
I'm probably best known for being a
presenter on Daybreak it's not gonna
lift with a past celebrity or dancer it
would be Bruno the judge how can I have
a judge is that all right okay it'll be
Bruno
I think he's fascinating I just like to
get inside his head if possible and just
rummage around in there for five minutes
and see what I can find
play me in a film of my life are we
starting at a very young age and working
our way through to old age I'd need
three or four actors it previewed like a
child actor I'm thinking maybe for the
early years someone blonde like a
Macaulay Culkin type character but he's
really old now so it wouldn't be him
maybe Macaulay can do me in like 20s 30s
I'll have to really think about this one
because they have to be spot-on sorry
let's just do we call he Culkin all the
way through because he could probably
pull it off my secret talent yes I can
do this but it's completely loose you've
got no control over that bit of your
finger when you do it's bent in this
particular manner no seriously just that
with the last album that's I downloaded
and bought because it's illegal to do
one and not the other is
Chason status why do you look at me like
you're surprised you're still down with
the kids
you